Update non-episode content (#27)
escience-academy/Lesson-FAIR-Data-Climate: README.md

# FAIR data for climate sciences

This repository generates the corresponding lesson website
<https://escience-academy.github.io/Lesson-FAIR-Data-Climate/>, based on [The
Carpentries](https://carpentries.org/) repertoire of lessons.

## Contributing

We welcome all contributions to improve the lesson! Maintainers will do their
best to help you if you have any questions, concerns, or experience any
difficulties along the way.

We'd like to ask you to familiarize yourself with our [Contribution
Guide](CONTRIBUTING.md) and have a look at the [more detailed
guidelines][lesson-example] on proper formatting, ways to render the lesson
locally, and even how to write new episodes.

> Please see the current list of [issues][FIXME] for ideas for contributing to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please see the current list of [issues][https://github.com/escience-academy/Lesson-FAIR-Data-Climate/issues] for ideas for contributing to
```
